What you already know:
- Most of it is correct with one correction - the attic will be usable but not insulated so not a proper floor - just storage with hellish temps in summer and cold during winter. Still good for boxes and stuff that handles the temps. (it's cheaper to insulate ceiling than the entire roof)

A. How I'll use Fable
1. Claude code in this repo (3d folder)
2. SVG/HTML drawings and recap of each rooms, hallway, utility room, etc. dimensions and total sqm
3. I don't know, let's first focus on new ideas and then I will make up my mind about what I like and which directions to explore further. Expect iterations and iterations.
4. It shouldn't. I will make the call what's garbage and what's worth looking further into.

B. The building
5. Do not focus on exact footprint. 20x10 or the previous 25x10 variant is just what we thought will be close to reality. The point is to have rooms laid on a footprint based on some criteria I have and then see that "yeah this amount of rooms with this and this sqm will be possible with house that is 20x10m). It's not set in stone.
6. one floor - attic is just space without stairs (ladder) where we will store random things we dont have use case for
7. It will be just one level we believe. No step necessary but let's see. Doesn't influence the floor plan at all. Just pretend it's all one level.
8. Yeah, sounds about right. Living room is at the upper end where terrain isn't as elevated. Living room windows are located on the south side. No windows at east (garage shed planned there).
9. Not decided where but it's on the side of the house from the south side. Somewhere at the very beginning of the house.
10. I guess. Not very important, I am mostly in this to figure out optimal floor plan. I will do any 3D rendering in SweetHome3D after we decide on most optimal floor plans to explore.
11. m2 figures of each room are net (doesn't include wall thickness). It's classic "tehla", no wood.
12. I guess

Rooms:
13.
14. own bathroom (no baththub just shower, toilet, sink), closet is nice to have
15. 2 or 3 kids, we actually need 2 kids rooms - one big one spanning across the entire width of the house and then one kids room slash guest room. there's just a single floor - big window on the west wall (facing the road)
16. all one open space, pantry yes needed, island yes, I don't know where kitchen is located exactly
17. one bathroom with bathtub and shower, no guest WC needed, extra bathroom is at master bedroom (parents room)
18. preferably on the living floor - we can have it downstairs in the utility room as worth case scenario - we do laundry very often so walking downstairs is not ideal
19. door yes, window yes, quiet not necessarily
20. not sure, doesn't matter for floor plan at this stage
21. wood stove in living room

D.
22. south long wall, view is on south
23. kids room is facing the road - west I believe
24. windows are not banned on any side but on the north we can't have any big windows - we will be otherwise looking at neighbors and it's too close to the fence (2.5m or so)
25. directly or close to the utility room below to save on plumbing, wiring
26. no idea
27. no idea
28. ideally (bedroom and kids room as far from living room as possible)
29. rooms facing north will be with small windows, likely at the very top or those slim windows becase that side is where neighbors and fence will be. not sure really guest room can be there
30. entrace hall yes, hallways is acceptable but if there's a layout where hallway doesn't exist that's also nice to explore as a way to utilize every single square meter as efficiently as possible
31. there's just one floor but yes

E.
32. smallest room sizes yes, windows too, escape windows no
33. not yet, there's a budget of course and we are aiming for the lowest cost that gets us what we want - MVP for the cheapest variant we will be happy with
34. Its a nice to have

F.
35. Just follow our wishes when it comes to individual rooms and rough square meter wishes (net, doesn't include walls)
36. no walk through rooms for sure. you also listed other things I most definitely don't want. just follow what's modern these days
37. There's a list of rooms and square meters and fixed things (kitchen + living room is fixed on south because of view and the large window for the view and kids room too). Try to take that into consideration.

directly or close to the utility room below to save on plumbing, wiring
26. no idea
27. no idea
28. ideally (bedroom and kids room as far from living room as possible)
29. rooms facing north will be with small windows, likely at the very top or those slim windows becase that side is where neighbors and fence will be. not sure really guest room can be there
30. entrace hall yes, hallways is acceptable but if there's a layout where hallway doesn't exist that's also nice to explore as a way to utilize every single square meter as efficiently as possible
31. there's just one floor but yes

E.
32. smallest room sizes yes, windows too, escape windows no
33. not yet, there's a budget of course and we are aiming for the lowest cost that gets us what we want - MVP for the cheapest variant we will be happy with
34. Its a nice to have

F.
35. Just follow our wishes when it comes to individual rooms and rough square meter wishes (net, doesn't include walls)
36. no walk through rooms for sure. you also listed other things I most definitely don't want. just follow what's modern these days
37. There's a list of rooms and square meters and fixed things (kitchen + living room is fixed on south because of view and the large window for the view and kids room too). Try to take that into consideration.


Extra context:
- Layout not decided but playing with idea of 10m or 11m wide house (total width - including walls) which means rooms on both sides with a hallway in the middle. It's not set in stone though. Open to other variants but if there's a hallway then rooms on both sides sounds like a good move to not waste more space on making the hallway longer.

- Master bedroom 15-20 m2 (would be cool to fit in the closet)
- en-suite (wc, sink, shower) 5-6m2
- WC 2m2
- bathroom (tub + shower) 8 m2
- kids room (large spanning the entire width) 25 - 35 m2
- smaller kid room/guest room/office space - 11-13 m2
- living room + kitchen - 50-55m2
- pantry 4-5m2
- laundry room (dryer, washing machine, place for drying rack, some kind of wall mounted table for folding, cleaning supplies, maybe a standalone freezer at some point later) - nice to have if it doesn't fit we can have it in the utility room next to garage)

- entrance hall (mirror, wardrobe for coat and winter jackets, shoe rack, etc.) maybe 6-7 m2?
- an extra room for dedicated guess room or office room wouldbe sick but luxury - as small as possible, just comfy enough to give a shelter to our guests or for work

